The Boring News Co. Terms & Conditions

These terms and conditions (“the Terms”) constitute a binding agreement between you (“the User”) and Ruson Infomedia Private Limited (“the Company”) with registered office at #44/17, 2nd Floor, Kamraj Road, Bangalore 560042, which operates boringnews.co (“the Website”). The Website provides access to news articles via newsletters by email and/or WhatsApp (“the Newsletters”) and content on the Website itself. By subscribing to the free or paid newsletters or reading content on the Website, the User agrees and consents to be bound by the Terms. The Terms have been last updated as of 18th October 2020. Further use and access to the Website and the Newsletters is subject to the privacy policy of the Website (“the Privacy Policy”) which needs to be agreed and consented to separately. 

1.	Eligibility and Legal Age

The User represents that they are of the age 18 years or above and are legally competent to enter and perform the Terms as per the Indian Contract Act, 1872. Individuals under the age of 18 years may access the articles on the Newsletters with the reasonable guidance and involvement of their parents or legal guardians. 

2.	Individual Registration and Access

While the Website can be accessed without registration, the Newsletters and certain parts of the Website might require registration to be accessed. The information sought may include but not be limited to the User’s name, age, email address, place of residence and phone number. The User may be required to create a username and password too for their own safe access. The User is responsible for maintaining the secrecy of the username and password and controlling access to the account by computer or mobile phone. The User agrees to accept responsibility and liability for all activities that take place under their account. The Company reserves the right to immediately terminate registration or subscription at any time if it is found that the User has provided access or shared their password with an unauthorized user or is misusing their account. 

3.	Charges 

The Company reserves the right to charge any subscription and / or membership fees (“Subscription Services”) from a user, by giving prior reasonable notice in respect of the Newsletters, any service, any product or part of the Website. In such a situation, a preview may be available to all users of the Website but specified parts including but not limited to premium articles, opinion pieces and certain Newsletters of the Website may be accessed by users who have paid for Subscription Services. The Company reserves the right to vary access of free users, introduce new Subscription Services and accept or reject offers to buy Subscription Services. 

4.	Copyright, Trademarks and Intellectual Property

All copyright, trademarks, logos and intellectual property rights in the content and material on the Website (including but not limited to text, audio, video or graphical images) are the sole property of the Company and are protected under the laws of India and other countries. These rights are subject to the rights of other third parties who have licenced their material to the Company or have reached a prior understanding. The User is not permitted to copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute the material or content on the Website or from the Newsletters by electronic or other means, directly or indirectly for Commercial Purposes without the prior written agreement and consent of the Company. Commercial Purpose is any use where the User receives any remuneration as money or in any other form. The User is prohibited from re-arranging or modifying any content on the website. The User agrees not to frame any trademarks, logos or intellectual property of the Company, or share, post or frame content of the Website on a different website without prior permission from the Company. The Company reserves the right to terminate or restrict the User’s access to the Website and Newsletters any violation of these rights. 


5.	Limited Permission to Copy and Share

The User is permitted to make personal and non-commercial use of the Website and the Newsletters including printing and downloading extracts. The User can occasionally share a copy of an article via email or hardcopy to a few individuals without charge provided the material is attributed to Website and Company and intellectual rights are not breached. Any attempt by the User to resell the content on the Website and Newsletters, provide a copy to another news vendor or commercially exploit the content is expressly prohibited. The User is also prohibited from varying, amending or deleting to misrepresent the content from the Website and Newsletters. 

6.	Accuracy of Content

The information and content presented on the Website and in the Newsletters has been obtained from multiple sources. No representation or warranty is given as to the completeness or accuracy of such information. The Website and Newsletter may contain typographical errors, incomplete or out of date information. The Company will reserve the right to change the information and content on the Website and in the Newsletters at any point of time without prior notice. Notwithstanding, this does not constitute an obligation or promise to do so. 

7.	Prohibited and Unlawful Use

Under the Terms, the content and material from the Website and the Newsletter will not be used by the User for a purpose that is unlawful or prohibited under the terms. The User will not act in a manner that will impair the Website or Newsletters and other users’ enjoyment of the same. The User is restricted from gaining unauthorised access to Subscription Services or related services and products by any means including but not limited to hacking and password mining. 

The User is expressly prohibited from displaying, uploading, publishing or transmitting in any manner information on the Site that:

i.	belongs to another individual or corporate and to which the User has no right to;
ii.	is grossly offensive harmful, harassing, defamatory or obscene to an individual, group of persons (e.g. racial, ethnic, religious among others), community or organization;
iii.	harms minors in anyway or is of pornographic or paedophilic nature;
iv.	violates an individual’s privacy or attempts to impersonate another person or identity or deceives the addressee as to the origin of the message;
v.	infringes any proprietary and intellectual property rights including but not limited to patent, trademark, copyrights;
vi.	violates any law currently in force;
vii.	contains malware, viruses or other computer code or programming that has the effect of interrupting, destroying or limiting the functionality of computing resources;
viii.	threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognisable offence or prevents investigation of any offence.

Any content that User uploads or transmits will be subject to applicable laws and may be disabled or removed in compliance with the law or public interest or be subject to investigation by the appropriate authorities. Any non-compliance with this section will lead to immediate termination of access to the Website and Newsletters, Subscription Services and any other products offered by the Company. 

8.	Indemnification

The User will indemnify and hold harmless the Company and his employees from all liabilities and costs arising from any breach from the Terms or representations made to the Company. This includes but is not limited to actions arising out of prohibited and unlawful activities under section 7. The User will cooperate fully and as reasonably required for the defence of such a claim. The Company reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter subject to indemnification by the User. 

9.	Redressal 

Any complaints or concerns in relation to the content of the Website and Newsletters or any breach of these terms will be immediately intimated to the Grievance Officer to:

Sajal Khanter
sajal@boringnews.co
+91-9741479801

#44/17, 2nd Floor, Kamraj Road, Bangalore 560042

10.	Termination

The Company reserves the right to refuse service, restrict, suspend or deactivate the User’s account, access to the Website and the Newsletters or Subscription Services at any time and at his sole discretion with or without cause and with or without prior notice for any violation of the Terms. After such termination, the User’s rights to the Newsletters, the Website, Subscription Service and other services will cease. The User has the right to terminate his account or cancel Subscription Services, but some of their information and date may remain stored in the Website’s servers in compliance with the Privacy Policy. 

11.	Relationship

None of the provisions of the Terms will be deemed to constitute a partnership or agency between the User and the Company. The User will have no authority to bind the Company in any manner, whatsoever.


12.	Force Majeure

The Company will have no liability to the User for any interruption or delay, to access the Site irrespective of the cause.

13.	Indian Law

The Agreement shall be governed by the Laws of India. The Courts of law at Bengaluru shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes arising under the Terms.

14.	Entire Agreement

The Terms comprise the entire agreement between the User and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter.

15.	Limited time to bring claim

The User and the Company agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the Website, the Newsletters or Subscription Services, only, must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues otherwise, such cause of action will be permanently barred.

16.	Acceptance of Privacy Policy

By using the Website, the Newsletter and/or Subscription Services, the User indicates their acceptance of the Privacy Policy. If the User does not agree or are not comfortable with any policy described in the Privacy Policy, their only remedy is to discontinue use of the Website, the Newsletter and/or Subscription Services. The Company reserves the right to modify the Privacy Policy at any time.
